docs: StatusCheck in Workflow (#299)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/create-chaos-mesh-workflow.md

| stressChao | object | Configures StressChaos. You need to configure this field when the type is `StressChaos`. See the [Simulate Heavy Stress on Kubernetes](simulate-heavy-stress-on-kubernetes.md) document for details. | None | No |  |
| timeChaos | object | Configures TimeChaos. You need to configure this field when the type is `TimeChaos`. See the [SImulate Time Faults](simulate-time-chaos-on-kubernetes.md) document for details. | None | No |  |
| schedule | object | Configures Schedule. You need to configure this field when the type is `Schedule`. See the [Define Scheduling Rules](define-scheduling-rules.md) document for details. | None | No |  |

> | statusCheck | object | Configures StatusCheck. You need to configure this field when the type is `StatusCheck`. See the [StatusCheck in Workflow](status-check-in-workflow.md) document for details. | 无 | 否 |  |
> | abortWithStatusCheck | bool | Configures whether abort the Workflow when StatusCheck is failed. You can configure this field when the type is `StatusCheck`. | false | 否 | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| statusCheck | object | Configures StatusCheck. You need to configure this field when the type is `StatusCheck`. See the [StatusCheck in Workflow](status-check-in-workflow.md) document for details. | None | No |  |
| abortWithStatusCheck | bool | Configures whether abort the Workflow when StatusCheck is failed. You can configure this field when the type is `StatusCheck`. | false | No | `true` |
```

Reviewer: please also append `StatusCheck` on field `type`

Author: fixed.
